# -Smart-Contract-Management-Project-Function-Frontend
# PatientAdmit Contract Project

This project demonstrates the deployment and interaction with the "PatientAdmit" smart contract using Hardhat, react for frontend and MetaMask

## Prerequisites

- Node.js and npm (Node Package Manager) installed on your machine.
- MetaMask browser extension installed in your web browser.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   https://github.com/VinayKumar2004/-Smart-Contract-Management-Project-Function-Frontend
## Install the dependencies:

cd patient-admit-project
npm install

## Configure Hardhat:

Open the hardhat.config.js file and configure your desired network settings. You can specify a local development network or connect to a testnet or mainnet.

## Compile the contracts:

npx hardhat compile

## Deploy the PatientAdmit contract:

npx hardhat run scripts/deploy.js --network <network-name>

Replace <network-name> with the desired network you want to deploy to, such as localhost for a local development network or the name of a specific network configuration defined in your Hardhat config file.

## Start the React application:
npm start

Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to interact with the PatientAdmit contract.

## Setting up MetaMask
Install the MetaMask browser extension if you haven't already. You can download it from the official MetaMask website: https://metamask.io.

Open MetaMask and create a new wallet.

Connect MetaMask to the desired network. If you're using a local development network, choose "Custom RPC" and enter the network details provided by your Hardhat configuration.

Import an account into MetaMask. You can use one of the accounts generated by Hardhat during the deployment process.

Make sure you have some test Ether in your MetaMask account for gas fees on the selected network.

Now you're ready to use MetaMask to interact with the PatientAdmit contract in the React application.

## Folder Structure
contracts/: Solidity contract files.
artifacts/: Compiled contract artifacts generated by Hardhat.
scripts/: Deployment and interaction scripts.
src/: React application source code.

## Available Scripts
npm start: Starts the React application.
npm run build: Builds the React application for production.

## Contract Interaction
The React application (App.js) provides a user interface to interact with the deployed PatientAdmit contract. It allows you to admit patients, fetch patient details, and discharge patients.

Make sure you have MetaMask installed and configured to connect to the desired Ethereum network.
